snort
Mr. Lin, I just got the news
There's a charity gala in the county in three days.
It is said that it was founded by Li Jia
It seems that this charity gala has bad intentions
What to do now?
Although we acquired Ruiguang Group
But we only have one live streaming platform
Our Xingyue female anchor can't show her skills
If there is no platform, we will create it.
You mean
I don't believe that Li Jia's hands are so big that they can cover the sky.
Start from Ruiguang
I want to build a national
The world's largest live streaming platform
Mr. Lin creates a live broadcast platform
That's a very expensive thing.
The live streaming platforms that are gaining momentum now
The money spent in the early stage is no less than 10 billion
Do we have that much money to invest?
In case it doesn't work
Li Hongyi is going to force you, Mr. Lin, into bankruptcy.
It's not that easy to bankrupt me
Brother Feng has such a big thing
Why didn't you tell me?
It's so late
How come you are here?
Sudden
So many platforms terminated their contracts with Xingyue Media at the same time
There must be someone behind this.
Good guess on you.
It was Li Hongyi who was behind this by relying on his power.
So what to do next?
How do we fight against Li Hongyi?
If Lin Feng falls
I have to find a new home quickly.
Three days later
There will be a live broadcast of the biggest charity gala
By then
I will show up with my new company's new platform
The first shot fired in the counterattack against Li Hongyi